adding legacy template api and re-numbering the index API overall (#10330)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/search-apis/explain.md

**Introduced 1.0**
{: .label .label-purple }

> Wondering why a specific document ranks higher (or lower) for a query? You can use the Explain API for an explanation of how the relevance score (`_score`) is calculated for every result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to know why a specific document ranks higher (or lower) for a query, you can use the Explain API to produce an explanation of how the relevance score (`_score`) is calculated for every result.
```

> 

Reviewer: Line 15: Is "for a query" necessary here? Should "is calculated" be "was calculated"?

OpenSearch uses a probabilistic ranking framework called [Okapi BM25](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Okapi_BM25) to calculate relevance scores. Okapi BM25 is based on the original [TF/IDF](https://lucene.apache.org/core/{{site.lucene_version}}/core/org/apache/lucene/search/package-summary.html#scoring) framework used by Apache Lucene.

> The Explain API is an expensive operation in terms of both resources and time. On production clusters, we recommend using it sparingly for the purpose of troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Explain API is expensive in terms of both resources and time. For production clusters, we recommend using it sparingly for the purpose of troubleshooting.
```
